CUT TO LIVE
(ORCHESTRA TUNING)
(BERNSTEIN ENTERS)
(ON CUE)
(APPLAUSE)
ORCHESTRA: GLIERE
RUSSIAN SAILORS' DANCE
ORCH: LISZT RHAPSODY # 2
(AUD. AD LIB)
ORCH: DE FALLA
ORCH: WEBERN
(OP. 10 # 1 complete)
ORCH: Mayazumi (Pieces for Prepared Piano & Strings)
ORCH: BABBITT (Composition for 12 Instruments)
ORCH: NONO ("Incontri")
(CROSS TO PIANO)
(PLAY)
(Play)
(PlAY SEMPRE LIBERA)
(PLAY CHAIKOVSKY # 4)
ORCH:	FLUTES (S) 2 bars
ORCH: CORNET (S) 2 bars
ORCH:	TRUMPETS (S) TO (U)
ORCH: TUTTI (S) TO (T)
What a dream! Almost a nightmare.
(NOTE: ASS'T COND. IN ORCHESTRA,PODIUM PRE-SET WITH CHAIR)
MATT:	4th of July
TITLE CARD
ORCHESTRA: IVES FOURTH OF JULY
*MATT: TITLE CARD
APPLAUSE
YPC TITLE
BELL LOGO
COMMERCIAL # 1 (2:00)
(NOTE: STRIKE ASS'T COND. PODIUM)
(CROSS TO PIANO)
(PLAY)
MATT:	DE FALLA TITLE CARD
ORCHESTRA: DE FALLA THREE CORNERED HAT
MATT:	TITLE CARD	APPLAUSE
YPC CARD
BELL LOGO
MATT:
YPC TITLE STATION IDENTIFICATION
MATT: MOLDAU TITLE CARD
ORCHESTRA: SMETANA "THE MOLDAU"
MATT: MOLDAU TITLE CARD	APPLAUSE
YPC TITLE CARD
BELL LOGO
COMMERCIAL # 3 (1:00)
CLOSING - VERRSION A
MATT:
#1 N.Y. Philharmonic YPC
#2 With Leonard Bernstein
#3 For the Philharmonic
#4- AD, Music Co-Ord Prod. Supvsr
#5 TD's, LD, Audio
#6 Asst's to Producer Asst. to Director
#7 Script by LB
#3 Roger Englander
TAKE OUT MATT--AUDIENCE
#9 MATT BELL LOGO OVER HOUSE
TAKE OUT MATT -- AUDIENCE
MATT:
CLOSING-. VERSION B
#1 N.Y. Philharmonic YPC
#2 With Leonard Bernstein
#3 For the Philharmonic
#4 AD, Music Co-Ord Prod. Supvsr
#5 TD's, LD, Audio
#6 Asst's to Producer
Asst, to Director
#7 Script by LB
#8 Roger Englander
SHOT OF AUDIENCE
#9 BELL LOGO IN CLEAR